And finally, could you briefly explain to us what are the benefits, and thinking perhaps,
can you give us an example of recent cases and known by all, what are the benefits of
how you have helped through this mechanism to reach a higher dimension, a startup?
Well, we thought, and now I'm going to talk about television directly, more than offline
in general.
Although it may seem surprising among all the people who move in the digital world,
who usually have the mentality that they are breakers and they leave the traditional paradigm
and are very open-minded, the big challenge we have is, we collide with these people because
they have assimilated too much the digital paradigm and do not know how to get out of there with
the traditional formula of the cost of channel acquisition, direct, immediate, in the second.
That is, how hard it is for me to adapt with Google, how hard it is for me to adapt with
Facebook, and that is the absolute truth.
So, the first big challenge we have normally when we talk to online businesses is to break
that psychological barrier, because really, at a certain point, in a first phase, that
is perfect.
It is true that this notion must never be lost, the cost of acquisition in Brazil is
a huge problem, but thinking that only online marketing will solve all the problems is
stupid, and thinking that the solution to all the problems is a direct cost of acquisition
in the immediate, is stupid.
Why?
Because you are losing many other things and many other advantages that offline will give you.
And I'm not talking about branding as intangible, do not look at it, do not measure it, do not
measure it because it is intangible, no.
Branding is really the big prize.
Why?
Because the brand is supposed to lose its dependence on Google, which means that you are able to
achieve organic growth by losing, having to put money in Google or other online media
continuously.
What the brand allows you, or what television allows you, is credibility.
Credibility improves conversion rates, which is also tangible.
But of course, this must be measured once you have finished a television campaign.
Once you have finished a television campaign, you measure the different metrics and you see
where your impact is.
What impact are you going to see?
You are going to see that you are going to have the next organic traffic.
You are going to see that you have scaled.
As you have scaled, you are more relevant in the market with respect to your suppliers or
with respect to your users.
You are going to have better conversion rates because you have credibility.
You are going to have a better grasp of the supply side.
Many times in an e-commerce, you have a relationship with the suppliers, so that relationship improves
and allows you to be more competitive with a better product, but in a marketplace, it
builds and offers you and sends you in parallel and brings liquidity to the market.
In addition to giving you credibility, so these are the two keys of a marketplace.
What it is also going to give you is that scale that allows you to accelerate that positioning process
in such a way that you can lead the market with television.
At Venture Capital, we all look for an attractive success.
An attractive success comes from being the market leader.
The market leader is valid, the third in the market is not.
So, if you are able to achieve market leadership, if you are able to achieve organic traffic,
a top of mind, you have generated a barrier to entry.
In a case like the red fridge, taking it to a case, maybe it is the case that has been
the most known, it is not the only one, because we have had very interesting cases, but where
has the red fridge affected it?
What has been the experience of television with them?
They come to us following interesting growth rates, but obviously,
growth in the offline world reaches a point where they are decreasing, but they want to
maintain that strong growth rate month after month.
So, at a point in which television starts to be tested, and you change the line and
grow it again.
First advantage, before making television, it was very difficult to capture restaurants,
after making television, the restaurants call you.
So, what you are doing is generating a much more attractive offer for the user.
So, that should improve the growth rates as well.
Second, television brings them significant traffic peaks, especially in this case,
as we put ads at 9pm, which is a hungry hour, people were peaking over and over again.
So, what do you achieve as well?
For example, cohorts improve.
Cohorts usually improve by 20% or 30% with television.
That means that i am improving the consumption of my historical users.
Those who had me before television consume me more now than before.
So, that keeps improving my acquisition cost, because in the end,
my lifetime value, because the recurrence improves.
In the case of the red fridge, we have studied how the network effects affect a marketplace.
So, in this case, television, what you helped so much was to add mass on both sides.
Of course.
That gives you liquidity, mass, that brings organic traffic.
And then, the most interesting thing about the red fridge is, what do we achieve?
We manage to position the red fridge as the market leader, along with Justit.
Both grew exponentially, and there came a time when it created a barrier to entry.
No one else can enter the Spanish sector.
There are already two players, and there is no room for anyone else.
So, at a time when the sector was consolidating globally,
which was a proven model, and where there were 4 or 5 international players
who were fighting to be the global leader in an acquisitive way,
you enter a process in which anyone, if they want to enter Spain,
has only one alternative, to buy the red fridge, or buy Justit,
which was one of the global leaders.
So, Justit, if it has to consolidate, has to buy the red fridge.
And if not, everyone else has to compete for the red fridge.
So, you already generate a competitive process, and since you have created an entry barrier,
you have created a top of mind, and you have created a brand,
you can maximize the sales price.
So, it is all related.
If Justit is here, I am here.
There is no entry barrier, anyone can enter.
Anyone will be able to reach a...
Delivery Hero can launch the initiative from scratch and start building.
So, this concept of top of mind, organic traffic,
in real terms, is what makes the difference,
and what makes you the market winner.
That's right.